welcome John my age and you were saying
you're tired i dont go I was given
people an opportunity I'm glad to have
you take a seat come on in and let us
know what you like to know thank you for
your way
well I kinda would like to know between
care I don't know what your name is my
name is John my name's mark ok so I
guess you've been with me for awhile now
right I have been on and off you to me
since it actually launch type of course
when it launched in 2010 and I walked by
I don't actually nothing I don't
absolutely nothing and you know the
quality of the course just make you
cringe to be honest and to be it enjoy
it didn't do anything it didn't go
anywhere
ok I didn't make any money at all I just
put my head hurts somebody had mentioned
OJ over here usually when I told I was
teaching online my focus was my own
website
my hope is that the time judy and I
thought I would have been more afraid of
competing with myself and you know
trying to market you to me when I leave
a mark on my own so I left it there and
it was only tissue year when I kind of
found myself and I wonder where ok I
need to generate new courses I need to
generate a new market into my exile
courses I found myself with a bit
stop-gap death I hope I can see you to
meet this year so it's only really be in
this year that I've been actively ok so
and now this business it's it's it's
like 11 year old rate
well do you do me courses are only
really since so only six months old and
they're already making money yes i'm new
to me I am making money bought not a
huge amount I'm not making US dollars on
you to me what do you mean although I
i've only made $3000 on YouTube in six
months and six months I make that and I
make that in a couple weeks my own site
and that comes from how many courses
well it comes there's a courses they're
both the first one went up in the summer
the second went up in September 3rd 2012
up from 21 October so they have until
being up there for six miles ok so I
guess general I'm a web developer honest
front-end web developer you already know
everything about that so what's your
recommendation would you suggest what do
i do I know my I know how to program and
all those things and I know the business
side as well I know how to deal with
people but well as far as this is
concerned I knew I don't know what to do
so what do I do
well actually being culture is very
similar to what policy she's encountered
web development is definitely a hot
topic in certainly front-end web
development is right now because of the
idea of having systems that are
decoupled from the finance person can
truly not that they couldn't make a
career as a front-end developer
previously but now it's even more
opportunities for people so yes it's
popular and I would imagine you would
find out it surged there are already a
number of front-end web development
course your gonna come to the same type
of thing is policies that
a lot of Excel courses and you to me
right now and so even though popular
there's the supply in the demand is
pretty well balanced out there are you
gonna do the same type of thing that
sure there's there's a lot of the man
and there's also a lot of supply for
Friday in what you're gonna be looking
yet is that you're gonna have to be
doing something to get your classes in
front of people and you to me or
elsewhere it doesn't matter where you're
gonna we're gonna be looking to do that
you can have the same issue of these
same things that paula is doing that
you're not really gonna be able to count
on the fact that when she had the
Institute driving students here classes
in a lot of sales for her that's not the
case she's getting organic sales doing
something so sure
in theory you the organic sales as well
but I think the reality that you need to
look at as I'm a web developer to come
from the same yeah web development is
really popular news but there are times
when you're gonna have to take some
strategy is going to enable you get
yourself in front of people not having
said that I can tell you
teachers JavaScript he teaches no
courses i dont tony is a third quarter I
think Tony think he's got three courses
up right now I know he has to 320 is not
from an internet marketing background 20
did have an audience when he started in
20 minutes to find a way to put the
pieces together the ease in the tops of
the web development category so it can
be done but you've got a general way
that he had done it I think one of the
biggest things that helped him out is a
he's got this is JavaScript class it's
about a seven hour class he pretty much
he made three and a half hours of that
tree that he put on his YouTube channel
and his YouTube channel attracted a lot
of attention
a lot of you I don't know that that's an
approach to potentially could take you
have to see how that's going to work for
you but it's good for you to come into
this recognizing the deaths this
probably is not going to be an easy road
are you sure you can get on easy street
when you can get in front of people and
now you're one of those popular classes
like I'm sure tony's got it pretty well
me right now he's up there on the front
page he's getting promoted by you to me
but you're gonna get the ball rolling
before you're gonna find the same
situation to exact same thing for me
that i very hard to pieces together to
get the Sao Paulo yeah I did you do you
have your first course John just make no
I have not created any courses and my
courses starting from recordings from
next year beginning next year and then I
just it's going to take two months to
develop iShares course and then see how
it goes ok let's look at two months
first fall ok what I suggested very
short course first jewels to get the
feel for actually make it of course
loading the course I'm tu tambien he'll
usually works I'm going true that the
the quality process ok an awful pity to
make an hour course I'm then be told for
quality reasons you know going to make
the course so I would suggest you start
with a short ok however that introduces
I dunno go find the top 10 most commonly
asked questions in the topic that you're
about to teach and put them in a short
course and put the course free and this
is a tip that are different from and I'm
going to mention Mac Timberlake he gave
me this little punchy you to me and
don't matter
don't put it into the studio don't put
it into any Facebook because what
happens is just get the coupons get
swallowed up and
the coupons literature and as a
first-time structure you're like oh my
god you know it's absolutely fantastic
and then you go in latex and all they've
done is taking the coupon still have
existed in your course at all they won't
you feedback and if they do texts are
negative and the completion rates
intercourse is very low and the
engagement rates on these are key
indicators are you ok so what you need
to do is you need to get your course
leave it up on YouTube and leave it
there for its ok and don't wash it has
to be free for a short class they think
that's available for free
you're not going to market it you're not
going to advertise it anyplace but it's
gonna be in the topic that you're
interested in teaching what what can
happen then is when people are so you
mentioned you know development I don't
know what frameworks you use if you use
different JavaScript framework search do
something with some of whatever you're
using for your friend and development
pick something from there it's a topic
that you know actually is popular for
developers in pretty short course
together so that is a number of things
that Paula stone you hear that you're
gonna get one is it going to learn the
process of creating a course and it's
actually a huge learning curve to go
through is surprisingly surprisingly
large until you've done it you realize
how much you have to learn about
creating gonna get to learn that you're
gonna go through their quality process
get a chance to learn about what their
expectations are so you gonna learn all
the logistics about making a course but
then the next minute you're gonna get
out of this is because of the fact that
it's a three course that's a way and I'm
gonna play the same game I'm doing I am
using the strategy right now although
I'm not gonna be a thirty minute I I got
a different plan that I but i'm used the
same strategy to try to get a leg up and
try to get an end
around some of the people that are there
when you launch a course initially 43
there are people so let's just pretend
that you're going to teach them about
unity let's just pretend that it is
you're gonna teach them about one of
those tasks runner to come to you to me
they're gonna search are human and they
get a bunch of results and there's a
checkbox that says there's ways that
they can filter in one of the ways they
can filter is this free check back right
and I don't know how many three courses
there on your man right now anyway you
want to do a little bit of researchers
have the leverage the fact that you
check box a concern but so they're
coming to you to me they're looking for
yeoman they find a bunch of results for
yeoman in the Miss LSU to some free
courses on your let me check out one of
the three courses why not you know what
this is like that's where you can get
your chance to get there like you find
your course because it they filter out
all these other ones that weren't free
in our you can actually higher in the
search result in that city take your
your main course now one of the
important points though is as yesterday
a good course just 30 minutes doesn't
mean that it can't be good as what
you're doing with the courses you're
finding an audience that's extremely
interested in the stuff that you're
teaching that's why you don't marketed
you want to sit outside EU to me cause
you wanna get a bunch of the core
scrubbers the course workers free BC you
want to get people who are actually
interested just as the example in human
you know who's your